Add metrics regex docs (#3126)
dapr/docs: daprdocs/content/en/operations/monitoring/metrics/metrics-overview.md

    enabled: false
```

## High cardinality metrics

> Depending on your use case, some metrics emitted by Dapr might contain values that have a high cardinality. This might cause large memory usage for the Dapr process/container and incur expensive egress costs in certain cloud environments. To mitigate this issue, you can set regular expressions for every metric exposed by the Dapr sidecar. For a list of all metrics, see [this link](https://github.com/dapr/dapr/blob/master/docs/development/dapr-metrics.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Depending on your use case, some metrics emitted by Dapr might contain values that have a high cardinality. This might cause increased memory usage for the Dapr process/container and incur expensive egress costs in certain cloud environments. To mitigate this issue, you can set regular expressions for every metric exposed by the Dapr sidecar. [See a list of all Dapr metrics](https://github.com/dapr/dapr/blob/master/docs/development/dapr-metrics.md).
```
